[Music]
nice big house like this
there is a ton of cash we wait till they
get back
they give us what we want
[Music]
me the baby this
won't get you anywhere by prison maybe
don't do this
give me the combination which is no
they have to get into the hospital the
hospital is 30 miles away i seriously
doubt he could survive the journey
oh goodness you don't look at all wow
please sit here
and wait for the ambulance to arrive
oh we really must fumigate this place
again soon
we're plagued by vermin every sort of
past
we have to get out don't worry
everything will be fine i've told you a
thousand times shoes off
at the door she needs to be punished
she'll ruin everything very well
if that's what you want
tell me what's going on just a few
minutes more and then a lovely
long sleep
you